Hey [NAME], its noon. I can share my thoughts right?
I have been thinking about consistency (showing up) and peace of mind.
(NOTE: my message might be as straight forward, but I hope you get the discuss.)

You are too exposed.
We are too exposed to so much success of people.
the digital world has shown to us so many achievement of others.

that we barely see their battle days but only the victories.
we shouldn't be fooled.; nobody has had it easy.

it all just depend on the level we at.
300 level was said to be the hardest level. 400 was harder, 500 was harder than them all.
NYSC time, most people were like "through my undergraduate days, I never was this stressed"...
wait, I thought 500 level was the most stressful period...?
when work starts, you look forward to the weekend immediately its 9am on monday (ofcourse not every week).
[ALL THESE MIGHT NOT BE THE SAME FOR YOU]

after marriage, there will be some time you want to run back to your dad or mom's house. (I said sometimes) if it's not
in marriage, at least during the relationship, you would want to run back to being single, lol.
nothing is easy, we all just man or woman up.
we all just have to make sure we show up every day.

[gender], even when we get to Tony Elumelu's level, we realised there is more stress to face.

the higher you go, the higher the stress, the greater the peace of mind.

I am glad I am done with school obviously, NYSC is out of the way.
I have to do masters, acquire Ph.d, do life with one person, groom kids (Jesus), impact life etcetra

all these are stress walahi (lol).
what am I saying, this present level is only for a while, things can only get better
it might be really frustrating, stressing, mentally draining, but as long as we have peace of mind; we'll be okay.
 we will keep pushing (Fighting! as Koreans would say).

I want to end this with a question:
so what do you see "peace of mind" as?
what brings "peace of mind"?

I will be expecting your reply whenever you can.

your buddy always,
Ezer Owoeye, 2023.
